feat: update search to link to list object (#240)
openfga/openfga.dev: docs/content/interacting/search-with-permissions.mdx

### Option 3: Build A List Of IDs, Then Search

> Call the `GET /list-objects API` to get a list of object IDs the user has access to, then run the filter restricting by the object IDs returned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Call the `GET /list-objects` API to get a list of object IDs the user has access to, then run the filter restricting by the object IDs returned.
```

> 1. Call the <UpdateProductNameInLinks link="/api/service#Relationship%20Tuples/ListObjects" name="{ProductName} changes API" />. to get the list of all resources a user can access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Call the <UpdateProductNameInLinks link="/api/service#Relationship%20Queries/ListObjects" name="{ProductName} List Objects API" />. to get the list of all resources a user can access.
```
